{OK, welcome to the first
session.}
{In the in the introduction I
mentioned that there will be two
types of pictures that you will
see and that you will describe.
The first type is graphic
novels.}
{You will see a series of
pictures that tell a story.
Imagine that you're telling the
story to someone who cannot see
the picture. Describe what you
see and what is happening as we
go through the story.}
{You can try to take around 10
to 15 minutes to tell it.}
{You can start when you're
ready. OK, so does this
represent 2 pages of the story?
Right? The layout is that there
are two pages from left to
right. Yep.}
#START_wanderer there are square
pictures, and the first square
has a character in a kind of a
black uniform outfit.
With horns on the helmet.
And something that might be like
gold braiding across the front,
although the pictures are just
black and white pen and ink
drawings. And that character is
on the left side of the picture,
kneeling down and holding down
what looks like a big piece of
paper.
And opposite the character on
the left side, no on the right
side is a person that might be a
boy, has short hair and is
wearing a striped shirt and
solid colored pants.
And I think bare feet.
And is holding up the other side
of the big piece of paper.
And a stand. The big piece of
paper has been folded in half.
And the dark kneeling character
is holding down the fold, and
the standing up character is
standing on the bottom piece of
the folded paper and is holding
up the top piece.
In the next picture.
Hmm.
And the next picture.
A corner of the top piece.
Has been folded halfway in.
And they are working together to
fold the second-half in.
And in the third picture.
They're folding up the bottom
side of the top piece of paper.
And the fourth picture, they're
opening up the folded piece of
paper.
And each of these pictures, the
two characters have remained
opposite each other on the piece
of paper.
Um, the 4th picture.
They're both standing now.
And they're continuing to open
it up.
And I'm seeing different kinds
of points, you know, going up
and down. I'm actually a little
confused by the picture.
And oh, and it looks like
they've been standing on some
kind of a floor with boards and
now we're a bit.
There's a little more
perspective on them and the
boards.
Only go out a short distance
away from them and then it looks
like there might be sand or
ground beyond them.
Hmm.
And then in the sixth picture.
They're still standing and
they've completely opened it up.
And it looks.
Like a paper hat or a sailboat.
A paper sailboat.
And I'm not sure if I'd
mentioned before that the black
costumed character has a Cape on
and boots.
And then all of those pictures
were on one page and on the next
page.
Oh, it's magnificent. There's a
picture of a big, fascinating
sailing vessel.
And we'll come back to that in a
moment. The paper boat is tiny
in comparison to the big sailing
vessel, and they're both in the
water. The sailing vessel has a
port, a big portion above the
water, but it also has a portion
underneath the water.
Underneath the water is a curved
hole with a propeller at one end
and then but beneath the curved
hole it looks like a diving
helmet.
Like large enough that a person
would more than one person could
fit into it. And it it's round
and it has two round portals
with.
A hatched grading over both of
the windows.
Above the water on the big
vessel.
It has a construction at one end
that looks like a castle. It
reaches up high and has windows
in it and some roof lines, and
at the very top it has.
It has the top that looks like a
castle wall.
And then in the middle of the
boat is a huge mast, at the top
of which are is 1 flag
fluttering and one that looks
like a wind sock. The flag is a
long rectangle with lots of
waves in it and the windsock is
striped.
Hmm.
Cone shaped.
But it narrows down to a point
to a tail, so kind of like a
snake.
Um.
And then further down on the
mast are many lines that come
down.
In straight lines at angles
coming down to a large crossbar,
there are more wind socks.
And then with the big crossbar
are even more large wind socks
1234567 I can see and I think I
see.
The black costumed character
standing on the crossbeam.
On the right hand side.
Um.
And then you go further down,
you're halfway down the mast and
then.
There are lines going down that
also have lines going across, so
it's like a ladder, but it's
123456 or 7 columns wide and I
think I see the other character
with the striped shirt.
Part way up climbing.
OK.
{That was a very detailed
description since, yeah, it's a
bit long. Yeah, going forward,
each page. So there are two
things that I want to say. One
is, those are really good
details. This is a big longer
item, so it's OK to cut that
down to make the level. And then
the second thing is that this is
a fiction. So a lot of the
object that you see, you may not
know the exact name and just say
the closest that you can. You
don't have to think about what
is the perfect word.}
{Again, if you don't see a lot,
then you don't have to.}
{You don't have to find other
things to say,}  well, this is a
two page spread up above looking
down on the water and the paper.
boat and there is a Flock of
Seagulls flying up across the
page.
That was good.
Ohh and then.
This is wonderful.
On the next two pages, the first
page is a a closer up picture of
the paper boat in the water, and
there are sea creatures that
look like turtles swimming up to
it, and one is trying to climb
into it. And there's also a
seagull perching on one side of
the.
Paper boat with a few seagulls
flying across above and then in
the next picture it looks like a
kind of like a whale creature,
which is much bigger than the
boat swimming toward it.
Ohh and the next two pages. The
Ohh the first page, the whale
creature has put the paper boat
on the top of its top fin.
Like wearing it like a hat or a
decoration.
And.
Deeper in the water beneath the
whale is a swordfish swimming
through a great school of
smaller fishes. It has skewered
2 fishes on its big pointy nose.
And then you move into this
other page, which is a
continuation of this undersea
picture with coral reefs and a
variety of fishes swimming
around.
You know, with lines and
everything.
The next two pages you just see
the most of the paper boat on
the water surrounded by fishes
all around it. In the water and
deeper down in the water are
more corals and other kinds of
fishes.
The next two pages, one page has
the paper boat and there's some
kind of like a sea crab or
creature attaching itself to the
bottom, and underneath there are
many other fishes and corals and
there's a a cute pair of.
Kissing fishes that have strange
bodies with arms and hands.
The next page has the paper
boat.
With a fishing pole sticking off
of it and a line dropping down
and it has caught 1 fish and
there's some more fishes.
In the landscape underneath or
the seascape beneath the boat?
And the next page, the paper
boat is still in the water and
we have a lot of the oceanscape
underneath with more coral and a
variety of fishes. And right at
the top of the water is 1 fish
in front of the paper boat with
another fish standing.
On the forehead of the fish
that's in the water and the fish
that's standing out of the water
kind of looks like a seahorse,
and it has a paper hat on its
head.
The next page.
The sea horse with the paper hat
on its head that looks like the
paper boat is now in the paper
boat and some kind of long snake
like sea creature is reaching
into the boat and underneath are
a bunch of Stingrays swimming
underneath the paper boat.
The next two pages the paper
boat is in the water, and now
we're looking at the scenery
above the water with what I
think are mangrove trees with
their roots reaching into the
water, and then lots and lots of
foliage above the water reaching
up far above the paper boat. And
within the foliage are lots of
birds, white birds with long
necks.
Next to page spread is a close
up of the paper boat in amongst
the trees with the roots going
beneath the water and fishes
swimming around underneath the
water and a close up of the
leaves and a couple of the birds
with the long necks.
Above water.
The next two page spread, it
looks like the paper boat is
traveling.
Inside the the Grove of trees,
and now there are other
creatures peeking out from
within the leaves.
There are strange serpent type
things, other things with arms
and hands reaching down.
Ah, some tea, some glowing eyes
in the dark, and the sea horse
is still riding along in the
paper boat.
And now
The next two pages.
The first of them, the seahorse,
is looking out of the paper boat
into the water and looks
curiously at something in the
water, and the thing that it
sees is a sea creature riding on
what looks like a lobster.
And it has little rains that
it's holding on.
Um, swimming amongst the corals
and roots of the trees. And in
the next picture there are also
some other sea horses coming out
from amongst the roots, and the
seahorse in the paper boat is
jumping out of the paper boat.
Its hat has come off, and there
are more sea creatures,
including an eel and more fishes
and corals beneath it.
Oh my and then in the next page.
The paper boat.
The perspective is very tiny and
there is a huge whale next to
it, just a little bit of it
peeping up above the water and
it looks like it's smoking a
pipe. There are birds sitting on
top of it and flying around it
and then beneath it most of the
page is filled up with the size
of the great whale under the
water.
And then the next page the whale
is.
Opening its mouth, the paper
boat is now in front of.
The whales face and the whale
has a little protrusion coming
out from the top of its head
that looks like it's hanging
dangling a light or a TV set.
And the whale is now showing its
teeth and its eye has gotten
much bigger and brighter and
it's side fins which were tiny
in the first picture are much
bigger and look like lobster
claws and.
All across its back it has
generated lots of kind of frilly
thins and curly cues, and it has
legs standing on top of sunken
shipwrecks.
Ohh and the next picture. It's a
full two page spread.
And the sun is setting. There's
a full moon up in the sky.
Ohh.
There's the ocean below, with
all kinds of fantastical
creatures in the water and
leaping out of the water, things
that look like whales with
flapping ears and a cat and a
Harlequin, jester fish and other
fishes with horns and Tooting
horns, and then flying above our
birds and a bat.
All kinds of fantastical
creatures.
The next two page spread. It's
now dark and night time with a
sky filled with stars and you
can even see the the Milky Way,
a big cluster of stars.
Um, the Moon is a Crescent moon,
and underneath the boat which is
still on the water, is the ocean
with lots of.
Glowing eyes in the water and
shadowy fish like bodies.
And the next two page spread.
The paper boat is on top of the
water, surrounded as far as the
eye can see on the two pages by
fishes who are rising up at with
their heads out of the water,
all staring at the boat.
But there's some with their
mouths open, looking amazed, and
the next picture, the two page
spread. The paper boat is on the
water, which has gentle ripples.
Only a few fish are showing now.
Turning tail and diving back
into the water and up above in
the sky, which takes up most of
the two pages, looks like a
rippling Aurora borealis
shimmering in the sky.
Oh, and now on the next two page
spread, the paper boat
apparently has traveled and is
next to a very large iceberg
filling up.
Most of the two page spread.
And now?
The next two page spread has two
images, one of the ice of the
paper boat sailing into the
mouth.
Of an ice cave.
And the next it is floating
through a tunnel within.
The ice.
The next page.
It might be outside of the
iceberg again, but there is some
strange appendage of a sea
creature rising up out of the
water.
Illuminating.
the Paper boat.
And then the next picture.
Ohh my we see further emerged
from underneath the water.
And to which the the lighting
appendage is attached is a huge.
Person creature in a dive suit
with a helmet and and canister
for oxygen on its back.
And.
Multiple appendages with lights
and it's holding.
The paper boat in one of its.
Appendages that looks like a
long arm with fins and fishtail
fins at the end.
And now on the next two page
spread, there's a full picture
of the boat back on the water.
And one of the lighting
appendages is above water. And
there are two massive sailing
ships, not like sailboats but
steamships above the water with
their holes cutting through the
water and billowing smoke or
steam above them. And they have.
One of them has.
A couple of huge fishing Nets
filled to overflowing with fish,
and there's even a whale caught
by its tail hanging off the side
of one of the ships.
Ah, on the next two page spread,
the paper boat is still on the
water, but now it looks like it
might have a little water
spilling out of it.
The sky is dark with clouds in
it and white birds flying or
otherwise falling from the sky
into the water.
And the other half of the two
page spread were a distance off.
And the ships aren't there. But
there's a big factory rising up
on 3 supports from the ocean
with the towers and the
platform. And again we see the
whale hanging by its tail and
big smokestacks.
On the next two page spread, oh,
the first of the two pages, some
windows have opened up on the
side of the ship or the tower,
and there's some kind of a
creature with a gun firing into
the water at the paper boat, and
there's near the paper boat.
A little.
A little kind of ship with a
paddle wheel on it and one of
these diving suited creatures
riding on top of it, and there's
a big.
Claw kind of thing on chain
reaching down from above and
then the next picture on the two
page spread is a close up of the
diving suited creature.
It's sailing vessel appears to
be damaged, with sparks and
things coming out of its fuel
tank.
And the ship is sinking, and the
creature is standing on the
nose.
Of it trying to not sink into
the water, and on his helmet
there are some antennae and like
electric sparks coming out, the
paper boat is there with one
shot wound in it and a big life
buoy in it.
Ah, and the next two page
spread. The creature in the
diving suit is in the life buoy,
attached by a tow line to the
paper boat. Now the ocean is
churning up into waves.
And approaching the paper boat.
I can't. Oh, it's some kind of a
little ship, a different kind of
ship with amazing creatures like
horse like creatures and other
creatures and the black capped
character from the beginning in
a crows nest approaching them.
Ohh my and now in this two page
spread there is a huge wave
curling and about to crash over.
The paper boat is high up on the
inside of the wave. You can just
imagine that it's going to get
tumbled and the blacks caped
character in his own vessel.
Seems to be getting ready to
launch a paper airplane and has
some other helpers on board
constructing. Or there is a a
kite and I don't know if it's
being constructed or if it's
broken.
It's open in the center and
there is a cat walking on a
line.
And some other fantastic
creatures. And I think I see on
this contraption of a sailing
vessel, the creature in the
diving suit is safely on board.
OK.
The next two page spread we see
an expanse of the ocean and the
clouds breaking and a huge bolt
of lightning coming down. The
paper boat is there in the
foreground and the paper
airplane is swooshing by.
Ohh.
Now we have two pages, with the
first with the paper boat.
Surrounded by coils of a sea
serpent, looping up and over and
up and over and up and over,
countless times in the ocean.
And then on the second page, the
head of the sea serpent has
bitten the paper boat and is
holding it in its jaws above the
water.
Ohh and now we're in the midst
of all the coils of the sea
serpent. And the sea serpent has
put the paper boat back on the
water underneath the coils and
is looking at the paper boat.
And outside of the coils are a
couple of other sea creatures.
One with a very long sawtooth
nose and the other with the
Unicorn horn, and they all have
glowing eyes.
And the next two page spread.
The two other creatures.
are close to the paper boat and
there one of them is.
Spewing out a waterfall from 2
nostrils, pouring water into the
paper boat while the other sea
creature.
With the toothy nose, sawtooth
nose is looking on and to the
right it looks like a little
spit of dry land with some trash
on it, a boat and some bottle
and crumpled paper and a can.
And some other things. And a
fish person standing up on legs
with striped swim trunks.
Ohh this next two page spread.
Was filled with jellyfish.
Lots and lots of them
surrounding the paper boat,
which looks like it may have is
sinking into the water.
And the next two page spread.
A school of fish.
Seems to be swimming away with
the paper boat, and there's
another deep sea creature
beneath them with dark glowing
eyes and then off to the right.
It looks kind of like a.
An octopus is now playing with
the paper boat. All of this is
underwater.
Oh, and now?
The next page has the paper boat
on the bottom of the ocean with
some many legged slug like sea
creatures with tentacles.
Climbing in and over and around
it, and there's light shining
down from above. And then the
next page we see that the paper
boat is on the nose of a sunken
submarine with a headlamp
shining up, and there are all
kinds of deep sea creatures
swimming around nearby with
light.
Coming out of their eyes.
And on the next page.
The submarine has risen to the
surface of the water, the paper
boat is on its nose above water,
and water is pouring out of the
paper boat back into the water
and underneath the.
Submarine are fishes and then
the next picture is of another
sea vessel with a propeller.
Not the same as the submarine,
and there is a huge squid with
tentacles wrapping around the
sea ship.
And the paper boat is sailing
away from that.
It's funny, this one tentacle of
the squid is holding a container
looks like ink, and there are a
couple of people, 4 people on
the vessel and a number of
seagulls flying around.
The next page is a two page
spread with some.
Sea lions playing with the paper
boat, balancing it on the nose
of one of the sea lions, and
more sea lions playing under the
water, making loops and swimming
around. And then we see the
beginning of a.
A forest of sea kelp and some
fishes swimming in and out of
the sea kelp.
And now this paper boat is
sailing over the sea kelp, and
we see more of the creatures
within the sea kelp, everything
from strange fishes and more.
I'm blanking on the name
Jellyfishes and and there's a
person in a dive suit under the
water inside a clamshell that
they have cranked open and is
pulling out the Pearl from the
clamshell.
The next two pages there's a sea
buoy.
That the paper boat is sailing
past and all around the sea buoy
are strange sea creatures and a
couple of seagulls, and the
diving character is riding on
top of a little boat of its own
and the next picture the paper
boat is sailing past a little
jut of land with a big
lighthouse on it and off in the
distance.
You see a couple of big cruise
ships and a smaller little
sailing vessel and a person.
In the foreground of the
lighthouses.
Ohh.
On this two page spread.
The paper boat is sailing past a
large constructed pier. It's a
beautiful latticework
construction.
With a long long like bridge
extension out to a round area
with a.
Outdoor structure comet I I can
imagine a carousel or something
inside and I see faint images of
people walking around.
Underneath in the water there
are fishes and seaweed, and
often the distance is 1 big
sailing vessel, and nearer to
the paper boat a couple of
sailboats, another big sailboat.
Yep. And then the next two page
spread.
Ah, it's taken up.
With the side of a very big.
Cruise ship with an anchor
that's hauled in and a small
little boat next to it, and a
little sailboat. And the tiny
paper boat is riding on the
little wave that the prow of the
big cruise ship is making in the
water. And I see a submarine
underneath the water and in the
distance, domes and towers of.
A city.
Ohh.
Now.
We have two pages, one with a
whale magnificently equipped
with some kind of tank strapped
on to its back.
And a shower keeping its head
wet because the whale is almost
completely rearing up out of the
water with a couple of sea legs.
On a seawall and there is a
little tiny boat with three
people in it and a little out.
They have little motor on it and
a sea buoy and a slightly bigger
fishing boat and seagulls.
And then the next page, we're
closer to the seawall and lots
of people on the side, you know,
to greet and wave on the big
sailing vessels, and the little
paper boat is in the foreground,
just sailing past all of this.
The paper boat continues sailing
past this. It's become much more
industrial.
By the water.
I don't know if it's factories,
but there are.
Ohh.
I'm blanking on the name the
cranes. Big truck construction
cranes that are offloading.
Cargo from the big ships and in
the foreground you can see the
little paper boat and then a
small little sailboat with two
people in it. Another little
boat and the next picture is a
fantastic sea creature, a much
larger sea horse type with the
curling tail.
But I think it's a construction
because it has a divers head
construction on the top and a
person is inside. It's all glass
in the head and there's a.
It's.
Steering column inside and
there.
There's a lot of construction,
lots of brickwork all around and
the bottom of the crane and a
couple of people at the base of
the crane.
Ohh and now.
The paper boat.
is sailing by and seeing the
crane pulling up a huge net with
one of the two of the underneath
sea creatures, the one with the.
Sawtooth, nosed another with the
Unicorn horns sticking out. And
they're all.
Bundled up in the.
Net coming up out of the water
and dripping water and.
There's a sea hand on a vessel
next door and buildings behind
it. And the next picture.
Maybe it's um.
A museum it has a name on it
says exploreatio and.
Paper boat is coming up to some
steps on the seawall and there's
a person coming down the steps
and there are some seabirds.
Ohh, and now we're up, looking
down on the city.
It appears to be night time with
Windows lit up, and in the
foreground is the strange fish
person with the striped swim
trunks.
With um.
Some kind of contraption
strapped onto its body.
Like a whirly gig. Multiple
whirly gigs to help it fly, and
it's stepping off the top.
Of a tower as if it's hoping to
fly, and down below is the
stream or river, with the little
paper boat and another boat
continuing on.
Ohh.
And here we have a picture of
the paper boat close to the
steps in the sea wall and the
person in the diving outfit is
there, and some other characters
that look like carnival
creatures and other horse like
and deer like creatures walking
up and down the stairs. Oh, and
there's the black Caped
character and a cat.
And then the next picture, we
still have lots of the the brick
or stone constructed seawall and
arches, and it's like a canal
that the paper boat continues to
sail down.
And here.
The sail paper boat has exited
from the tunnel. The constructed
tunnel and there are some fishes
with their heads sticking out of
the water gawking at the boat.
And there are a couple of more
boats on either side of the
canal.
And you see some trees and a
couple of buildings and Night
Lights.
Oh.
And now the paper boat is
approaching a small house
illuminated by a street light,
surrounded by trees, and there
are stars in the sky.
And the next page has six
panels.
Of the boat.
Coming right up to the seawall
and there's a shadow of a
person.
That becomes more apparent in
the next picture.
And the person has, you know,
stars and stripes and dots
decorating his body and he
climbs out of it.
He climbs out of the set the
paper boat.
And is now taking a couple of
steps up the stairs and turns
and looks back at the paper
boat.
And you can't tell if the paper
boat is disappearing or it's
just getting dark.
#END_wanderer And then this
person is walking up the stairs,
and at the top of the stairs I
can see two feet. And in the
final panel where at the top of
the stairs you just see the
Stonewall and two pairs of feet.
{Alright, so that was the
story.}
{There are two types of pictures
that you will see. The second
type is is a complex scene. Hmm,
imagine you are again telling it
to someone who cannot see the
picture. Describe what is
happening and what you see.
Please try to take around 3 to 5
minutes to describe it on the
scene can be really crowded and
it's OK to focus in one area at
a time. OK, so this will just be
like one picture and I can spend
3 to 5 minutes.}
{This looks like a page out of a
where's Waldo book.}
#START_airport In fact, in this
two page spread, in the upper
left hand corner is a postcard
with a stamp with Waldo's
smiling bespectacled face and
his.
It's classic little Beanie hat
with a red band and a white area
on it, and then a red little
tufty bobble on top and it's
postage marked where's Waldo
Airport, and it reads it's me
again, Waldo. Folks, some very
strange things happened at the
airport this morning. Helicopter
chopped down all the flagpoles.
A smuggler was caught hiding
watches.
Under his beard and a herd of
elephants was getting onto a
jumbo jet.
Weird. Signed Waldo.
Addressed to waldo folks under
the carpet, under the bed, down
under.
Now around this in the top right
half of the left hand page, yes,
we're in an airport and you can
see the air control tower,
although it's topped off with
what looks like a castle turret
tower with a knight or two and a
Bishop and.
Another person in a blue shirt
and maybe even an old time
sailing vessel with a sail on
it. And then there's a rocket
ship zooming by with a tail of
fire shooting off to the left.
And beyond that, to the left is
a jet plane.
And beyond that, further to the
very left, is a flying saucer.
Underneath the flying saucer on
top of the airport roof, we see
three people. It looks like a
man and a woman and a child. And
then at the.
Bottom on the.
Street level there's a bus with
many people lined up to get on
board, and they're wearing all
kinds of different colored
outfits, red and green and white
and stripes, blue and.
Different hair, and there's one
flight attendant observing the
line getting on to the bus, and
another flight attendant
greeting people at the door
getting onto the bus.
Near the bus in the foreground
is a luggage moving vehicle with
lots of suitcases on a few.
Um.
Cars of the luggage mover and
one piece of luggage has fallen
off and opened up and stuff is
coming out of it. And a couple
of other pieces of luggage are
falling off and there's a man in
a suit standing to the side
waving at the person who's
driving. And the person who's
driving is looking back at the
person waving and not looking at
where he's going and he has just
driven into a hose.
On the ground and water is
spurting out and two other
people in blue work outfits are
making expressions with their
bodies and arms like Oh no.
Um, and then in front of them
all is a green truck with a hose
that's disconnected and there's
a pool of water behind the green
truck. And on top of the green
truck is Waldo.
Yeah, and at the back of the
green truck is another worker
and a blue suit reading a piece
of paper. I looks like he's
trying to read instructions and
figure out what to do.
And beyond the green track are
few more workers in blue suits
and yellow vests for better
visibility. A couple of them are
playing what looks like ping
pong.
We're going to move further down
on the left hand page.
Again, close to the luggage
mover is a red truck that looks
like a tank truck and the hose
that the luggage mover ran into
is coming out of the red truck.
Next to the red truck we see a
big airplane with people getting
off, coming down the stairs and
walking across the tarmac. There
are blue suited workers.
On the wing and on top of the
plane doing something.
And at the back of the plane,
there's a big thing being
offloaded, just a big
rectangular thing being
offloaded.
Beyond the back of the plane we
are now moved into the right
hand page is a fire truck racing
by and spraying water at people.
Um, and some people looks like
it. They've either fallen off
the fire truck or they were run
over by the fire truck.
Beyond the fire truck, moving
further to the right.
Is a biplane.
It has the ace of spades in the
cockpit.
Size of a person.
And beyond that
Is another.
Blue.
Truck going over to another
parked airplane whose nose is
open and it looks like it's
being serviced on the inside by
a couple of blue uniformed
people, and there's yet another
airplane.
Heading more toward the top of
the right page and above that
airplane on the ground, we have
a red and yellow striped air
balloon. That's.
On the ground right now there is
a pink helicopter with the
rotors worrying, and it has.
A number of flags around it. Oh,
that's the helicopter that
chopped down a bunch of flags.
There we go.
And then above it is a
dirigible.
And to the right left of the
dirigibles another biplane.
And to the right of the
dirigible, it looks like the
Concorde airplane with that
sloped pointy note nose taking
off.
Um.
Further down on the right hand
page, below the fire truck
squirting water, we have more
luggage, movers and lot luggage
getting offloaded and and tossed
from hand to hand.
There are a bunch of crates in
the foreground. There's a fork
truck carrying an oversized
fork. There are about four
workers huddled around the
crates, taking a break and
smoking. And you can see the
cigarettes and the smoke.
Wafting above them, ones reading
a newspaper, one sitting down
and then off to their side. On
the right is perhaps a
supervising worker who has his
hands on his hips, and it's
looking disapprovingly at the
smoking, resting workers.
Um ohh dear. And then all the
way to the right to the end of
the page is part of another
airplane, the.
Stairs.
For people to get on and off
weren't lined up with the exit
hatch and people. The exit door
is open and people are walking
out and then falling to the
ground.
Um, at the very bottom of the
page, from the left to the right
side. It's like a cutaway. And
we're inside the airport.
There's red carpeting and some
windows and lots of people
moving across. Oh, there's the
luggage claim area with the.
Luggage moving along on the
belt. There's a person on the
luggage belt. People are finding
their luggage. People are
waiting for their luggage all
around the belt. The luggage
looks really mangled.
More people are walking through.
There's a perhaps an Information
Center or help center table in
the middle. Oh, they're the
police. They've captured the
person whose coat was filled
with wristwatches. He's coat is
held wide open.
There's somebody else just to
the right of that.
Like a spy looking like he's
trying to sneak away with a.
Suitcase full of watches, but a
police officer is looking on
with a knowing smile.
Um, and then just pass them.
There's another.
Passenger with a very long
beard, long white going down to
his knees, and a police officer
is lifting it up and displaying
more watches underneath his
beard.
And then we go past and there
are more people coming and going
with luggages and some flight
attendants.
Um.
More chaos as people get their
baggage, complain about their
baggage.
#END_airport And leave.
{OK, that was good. So now let's
take the 10 minute break. Ohh
good. Get some water. Right.}
{So the next item, it's also a
complex scene. Again, take
between three and five minutes
to describe what you see and
what is happening.}
#START_waldo-1 All right, all
right. We've got a two page
spread here from where is Waldo?
And on the left hand side
there's a note from Waldo and
he's standing there all
jauntily.
Decked out for hiking in his red
and white striped top and cap
and.
Gear hanging off of him and a
walking cane.
And this note says, hi friends,
my name is Waldo. I'm just
setting off on a worldwide hike.
You can come too. All you have
to do is find me. I've got all I
need. Walking stick, kettle,
mallet, cup, backpack, sleeping
bag, binoculars, camera,
snorkel, belt, bag and shovel.
I'm not traveling on my own.
Wherever I go, there are lots of
other characters for you to
spot.
First fund woof.
But all you can see is his tail,
Wanda.
Wizard, White Beard and odlaw.
Then find 25 Waldo watchers
somewhere, each of whom appears
only once. In my travels can you
find one other character who
appears in every scene.
Also, in every scene can you
spot my key Woof spone? Wanda's
does camera wizard white Beer
scroll and odd laws binoculars?
Wow. What a search. Waldo.
And then there are pictures of
all the different.
Things that he's asked us to
find in this picture.
We're in a.
Downtown streetscape with
buildings and streets and people
and cars all around and.
As we get closer.
In the top left corner we see
what looks like a school.
Big Square building with a fence
and a little bit of a grassy
inside area and a person
standing at the open gate door.
And there are small people,
perhaps children, approaching
from both sides of the of the
sidewalk.
There's also a crossing guard at
the corner helping some children
cross the street, and there's a
blue car that's stopped and
waiting for them, but someone
else fell off of their bicycle
and there's another bicycle.
Perhaps they hit each other and
there are a couple of medical
people with white coats running
to help the people who fell off
their bicycles and an ambulance.
And then there's a trash truck
that looks like.
That's all across the top of the
page and then going through the
middle section of the page.
Ohh, it looks like there's maybe
a fire truck.
With firemen on the roof of a
house.
But it's covered up by Waldo's
notes, so I can't see a lot. And
then there's a big pink house.
With a red striped awning. Oh,
maybe it's a hotel because
there's a fancy dressed man
outside with a suit and a red
lapel outside the doors and a
big red carpet greeting people.
And there's a man with a top hat
and a woman with a yellow hat
and a dog on a leash and it
looks like a bell boy holding a
suitcase. So I think this big
pink building is a hotel and
there are a few people on the
roof of this house.
Too There are two dormer windows
and people hanging out of both
of them, apparently.
A pet on a leash has gotten away
and one person has even gone
outside the window and is
walking across or crouching
across the roof trying to catch
the escaped pet.
Continuing across oh, there is a
house with a green car parked.
And a whole someone's going
through the trunk, pulling out
all kinds of junk and throwing
it all around, and now I see
what looks like.
Perhaps. Maybe it's a gas
station or a service station,
because it looks like there's a
gas pump.
So perhaps that car it's not the
trunk, but it's the engine, and
it's hopefully getting fixed,
but it looks more taken apart
right now.
Yes, we're downtown. Next door
to the gas station is a shoe
shop with a sign about shoes
above the window, and then
people on the 2nd floor and
their windows.
Um, next door. I can't tell what
it is. Oh, people are gathered
around the display window
looking, I think at a TV screen.
Back in the days when that's
what we did and then next to
that is the fire truck.
Fire Station with a fire truck.
Umm.
I don't think it's going out. It
looks like it might be.
Getting things put together and
ready for its next excursion and
the floor above it is a fireman
hanging in the window, just
looking out.
And then there's another
building with some people coming
and going. It looks like it
might be a police station
because the blue suited men with
hats kind of look like police
officers. And then it looks like
there's a stripe shirted person
skulking and being taken inside.
Across the street from them,
also on the right hand side of
the page, are more.
Shops, and perhaps the ground
floor level or all businesses in
the second floor are people's
homes because the 2nd floor
windows often have people.
Outside. You know, in them
looking outside, talking to
people outside the windows,
watering flowers outside the
windows on top of the roof,
someone servicing the.
Heating and ventilation units.
Oh and I see a perhaps a cat and
a dog on the roof as well, but
on the street level up a car has
rear-ended a little pickup
truck, a red car has rear-ended
a yellow pickup truck and
there's steam coming out. Looks
like the radiator got hurt and
two people.
Talking or yelling at each other
and gesturing and a police
officer running across the
street.
To help. And they're right
outside a bookstore.
And then there's another store,
a shop next door that I think is
a Barber shop or salon, because
people go in with big bushy hair
and they come out looking nice
and neat.
And then around the corner.
Is a little restaurant with a
red and white awning and people
sitting at a table outside and a
waiter pouring to overflowing
some red liquid.
Um, and a couple of people at
the outdoor tables.
And across the street from that.
We have another building that's
blue.
I'm not quite sure the entrance.
Has pillars and some kind of.
Carved.
Design above the door.
And there is a window washer
hanging outside the upstairs
window. Oh, he's dropped
something.
Umm.
Going back to the center of the
page and the center of the
streetscape is a fountain with
water gushing from the top and
splashing into the enclosure.
Down below and at the top of the
splashing fountain is a person
in swim trunks with a snorkel
and swim flippers.
There are other people gathered
around outside this triangle
area in the center, looking at
the water, looking at the person
on top of the fountain, there's
a statue.
Of a person in Roman garb with a
helmet and an arrow.
Umm.
The bottom left.
We have another building which
might be an office building. You
can look through the windows and
see, oh, people working at a
computer or sitting at desks or.
Other things like that, and
there's some ladders outside.
There are some workers upstairs
having a mock battle with their
pipes.
{The caption on the ticket to
work program.}
OK and
then the last little section at
the bottom of the right page.
#END_waldo-1 It looks like an
open market with Street vendors
with little carts, with striped
awnings that are blue and red
and green, and people gathered
around to look at what they're
selling, whether it's plants or
food or who knows?
{So that that was a little over
5 minutes, that was a lot of
details. So just OK, so would be
great.}
{But I thought I was doing a
different approach. Ohh my
goodness, you want me to
describe this?}
{Not exhaustively, yeah. OK,
again, it's 3 to 5 minutes, so
OK, not a lot of time. All
right.}
#START_picture_this This next
two page spread from Where's
Waldo has a note on it that says
picture this few look at all
these framed portraits, although
they may be colored differently.
Some of these are characters I
have met on my other travels.
There are also some who appear
elsewhere in this book.
Can you spot 4 characters that
appear twice in this spectacular
display?
And there are.
A great many small, square and
rectangular shaped pictures of
people.
Scattered and overlapping each
other over all of these two
pages and the pictures range
from oh, there's a picture of a
red dragon wearing glasses and
an upside down person wearing a
yellow and red striped shirt
and.
Ohh Gosh 2 cave people with
hearts over their heads and a 2
headed fish and.
We've got two sumo
wrestlers. We've got a person
whose eyeglasses are bouncing
off their head as they stare at
a dinosaur skeleton.
Um.
People in costumes, more animals
and pets.
Umm.
A person.
Wearing a 2 headed hat, two
people with hats on their heads
and they are connected. They go
up to the top and they connect.
Umm.
There's a person carrying wood
walking on top of another person
lying on the ground.
There is a person.
Oh, there's a gesture.
Laughing and sitting on the
ground.
There's another cave person.
With perhaps the first wheel on
display, there's a big
hippopotamus.
Resting.
Um.
, it looks like
King Neptune with his Tritian in
one hand and his crown and a
fish in the other hand, sitting
on a meatball.
Umm.
There's a picture of a giant.
There's a picture of two
fellows, one and then red one in
blue.
Clinging to a rocket.
Speeding across the scene.
There's a person leaning against
a palm tree.
Pushing the palm tree in and
palm seeds falling out of the
tree onto another person in the
picture.
There's a picture of another
dragon type creature staring
angrily at a person.
And the person looks very
worried with waters sweat coming
off of him.
There's a person walking under.
A bucket of water that's dumping
the water on his head.
There's a picture of a hand with
rings or something on each of
the fingers.
It's a picture of a dog pulling
out his leash, trying to get up
to the kitchen counter.
I don't know if that's food or
another animal. There's a
picture of a mummy. There's a
picture of a talking tree.
Yes, with eyes and a mouth and a
tongue sticking out.
Ohh, there's Waldo and the
little picture with a green
background with his striped
shirt and hat.
There's a fish person with human
leg sticking out the back
instead of tail fins.
#END_picture_this There's an axe
that took off the top of
somebody's head, scalped them.
{I could keep going. How many
minutes has this been? Three. We
can move on. Let's stop.}
{Sounds good. Alright, so then
move on to the next one, OK?}
{This is a story, um, a series
of pictures that tell a story.}
{Describe what you see and what
is happening as we go through
the story.}
{And how much time do I have and
how many pages between 10 and 15
minutes this story is?}
#START_flowerman On this two
page spread we have a a dreary
or grim.
Picture of a little bit of a
neighborhood.
That's it's dark and cloudy or
smoggy. There's a dead gnarled
tree off to one side. Maybe it's
night time because there are
Street lamps at the little
bridge growing, going over a
dried up riverbed.
There's a rundown gas station, a
little carnival area and a bar
with.
Doesn't look like any business.
And old.
Pick up truck out empty pickup
truck outside of a bait shop.
It's all.
Looking very dismal.
OK.
And there was a person walking
over the bridge and then this
next two page spread, the person
who was going over the bridge is
walking down one of the
cobblestone streets.
Between.
Homes or.
Buildings that have businesses
on the 1st floor and homes on
the second floor.
Well there's a strange, almost
devil like character on top of
one of the houses.
Ohh, and the windows of another
place. There's a scary looking
old person with maybe fangs.
And.
Off to one side, there's a man
and a woman.
Talking, looking a little
sketchy.
Oh.
Now we have.
Our person has continued down
the street and around the corner
and we have looks into all of
the houses through the windows
and open doors.
Lots of different scenes. Clock
on one wall looks like it's
almost 7:30.
There's an unkempt house with a
for sale sign that the person
our main character is looking
at.
Hmm. Umm.
All the houses, you know,
they're a little rickety,
they're a little off center,
they're.
All looking a little sketchy and
dubious.
Ohh, now it's daytime and we're
on the same.
Stretch of Street
Um.
The house that was for sale no
longer has the for sale sign.
And the whole page, all the
house structures are in black
and white and Gray, except for
the house that was for sale. And
now our main character is
wearing a blue shirt with red.
Suspenders and is on a ladder
fixing up the house. You can see
a red lawn mower that's cut part
of the grass and there's a tree.
By the House that is blooming
with flowers.
And this House has blue shutters
and a purple roof.
And the other people in the
neighborhood? There's a person
in a wheelchair with his leg in
a cast and someone else going by
on a scooter.
Lots of people, men, women,
children walking up and down the
streets.
There's a fountain across the
street. A lot of the people are
looking kind of down and out.
And getting on with things.
Ohh.
And we're on another two page
spread of the same neighborhood.
And again, everything is black
and white except for the one
house that was for sale.
And.
The man who's taking care of it
there now, flowers growing by
the fence along the yard.
And the tree. I don't know if
it's autumn colors now or if
it's just changed.
Umm.
We can see inside the House to
the kitchen and the living room
with a comfy wingback chair.
And there continue to be people
all around on the other houses,
on the Stoops, on the steps
hanging out of the windows, you
get looks inside to their homes.
Some pets.
Well, there's a water fountain,
but it's all dried up.
And there's a street vendor
pushing a vendor.
Little cart by but there's no
business. There's a mailman
delivering mail and an artist
sitting on the window sill with
this painters palette.
And a sketchy, almost burglar
type person hiding behind the
lamp post looking at the one
nice piece of property.
Ah.
Now.
There's a little more color to
this page.
The sketchy person by the light
pole is now turned into.
A well off looking person with a
big square chin.
But more people's clothing is
colored in. The man on the
property is greeting a girl in
green and blue with.
Strawberry blonde hair. And
there's another person outside
with purple pants and another
person on the street and a pink
outfit petting a dog and a boy
in a blue pants and green shirt.
And across the street.
There's a girl in a colorful
outfit hugging a man with a
beard and above them as a woman,
now in a green outfit in her
window, and above her is an
elderly man with a beard tending
his flower box outside his
window, and the tiles in the
roof are beginning to be colored
in with yellows and Reds.
And a few of the other houses
have little touches of color,
some red brick peering through
on one house and blue and green
and cream colored tile roofing
on another house and red hair on
a person in purple.
Umm.
Ah, curtains hanging in a
window.
oh a movers and shakers truck
out front.
Of the house next door.
And lots of people on the steps.
OK.
Ah, and now there's almost all
color in the picture. Everything
has gotten colorful.
And there's water in the water
fountain, and there's a shiny
red car on the street. There's a
man who looks like Mr. Rogers
with the little cardigan sweater
on a red tie, standing outside,
waving.
Ah.
The man who moved into the house
that was for sale. There's a
child in the yard. There's a
woman in the yard.
The red haired girl is out on
the street, the guy in the
wheelchair with the leg in a.
Cast is still in a wheelchair
with his leg in a cast, but he's
smiling.
What else do I see? More people.
There's somebody out. They now
have a.
Dormer window that goes out onto
the roof and they're standing
outside smiling and enjoying the
day.
Oh, and the pushcart person? Now
the pushcart is open and it
looks like his face is painted
like a clown.
And there are balloons.
Ah.
It continues to be colorful and
it's toned down a little bit.
I don't know if it's later in
the day. The old man who was
outside of his upper story
apartment tending his flower
boxes now.
On the roof and there's a
railing around and he has a
telescope and looking at the sky
and there's a girl with blonde
hair and they're looking and
pointing.
There's another couple at
another rooftop, a man and a
woman, and his arm was around
her and they look happy
together. And there's another
man on another rooftop. Perhaps
he just took a bath or a shower
because he just has a towel
wrapped around himself.
Umm.
There are more flower boxes.
And as we move down to the
street level, there continue to
be plenty of people outside.
Now they're, you know, they're
looking animated and happy, and
there's still water in the water
fountain.
The guy is still in the
wheelchair with his leg in a
cast.
People out on the stoop talking
to one another, laughing.
The vendor with the shopping
cart.
Is out on the street and the
shopping cart is open with
colorful things in it.
And on a bottom left side,
there's a woman sitting on the
edge of a bridge in a bright
pink dress and red lipstick,
talking and flirting with a man.
OK.
And now we're.
A little bit further up, looking
down on the houses.
Getting a slightly different
view of the neighborhood.
The house is nearest to us, have
tattered curtains in the windows
and then the center house.
Downstairs it looks like it
might be a restaurant with an
awning and riding in the window.
And then upstairs it looks like
residences in good shape, with
flowers and.
Colorful.
Shutters.
It looks like night time because
the street lights are on and we
see a few people hanging out in
the windows. A girl with blonde
hair, a couple outside of cafe
window, a person on a motorcycle
on the street.
Few other people gathered under
a streetlight.
A family. It looks like a man, a
woman and a child out on a.
A porch.
And there's a statue.
In the water fountain.
OK.
Ah.
And now the color is mostly
washed out of this picture from
all the buildings and Street
except for the main character in
the center of the page. It looks
like he's lighting a match or
holding something in his hand.
His color. His clothing is
colored with a purple hat and a
green jacket with a yellow lapel
and a patched up bag, like a
suitcase that he's carrying.
And a little dog. Maybe he's
offering a treat to the dog, but
all the rest of the street and
the houses are black and white,
and the sky is purple with
shades of purple and clouds.
And now we have a close up.
There's a girl on the street and
while her house is all Shades of
Grey, her outfit is pink and a
yellow shirt and her face is so
lit up and animated and smiling.
She's holding a purple flower
and the man with the bag. You
can just see him walking off.
You can just see his shoulder
and arm and there's a dog by his
side with the tail and up over
the girl in the open.
#END_flowerman Window is a man
with glasses and a red bow tie
and a red flower in his hand.
{OK. So that is the story and
that's it for today. Alright,
how long was that?}